[Music]
you know every now and then she might
like some barbecued potato chips hey
guys hey took all his acorns and put
them in his little satchel and set off
for ya okay someone's getting a little
fussy I think it's time for bed where's
little red squirrel going hey Joe look I
realize only one of us can get this
grant and I just wanted to wish both of
you the best of luck are you crossing
your fingers but this no this that's
that's just the the result of a
childhood injury Oh cure morning
everybody
you'll go ahead and take your seats we
can get started um actually dr. Hobart
could I have a word with you and you are
raus I know I'm kidding oh listen I just
want to say last night dinner when I was
a little awkward I just want to make
sure we're okay oh yeah absolutely you
didn't tell Charlie what I said did you
oh no of course laughs oh well thank you
and I I want you to know I respect your
decision not to give her up it was the
biggest mistake I ever made in my whole
life well that in tattooing her name on
my shoulder
last night stupid seriously my Nobel
Prize was not for moving on so no hard
feelings
none at all good luck today thank you
okay all right the selection committee
is stupid Nobel Prize winner
I'm sorry Oh konichiwa enjoy song no no
you don't get to do that I know look I'm
sorry I